README.md, before:

# Instagram-API-python
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Coverege-65%25-yellow.svg">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-b%200.01-orange.svg">
<a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=7BMM6JGE73322&lc=US&item_name=GitHub%20donation&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted" title="Support project"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20project-paypal-brightgreen.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/LevPasha/Instagram-bot-cs" title="Instagram C# bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23%20InstaBot-v1.0-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/LevPasha/instabot.py" title="python InstaBot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20InstaBot-v1.0.1-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="http://isdb.pw" title="Instagram stories data base"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ISDB.pw-free-purple.svg"></a>

Unofficial Instagram API to give you access to ALL Instagram features (like, follow, upload photo and video, etc)! Written in Python.

This is the Python port of https://github.com/mgp25/Instagram-API which is written in PHP.
It is still a work in progress to copy all of its API endpoints.


### Installation Instructions

1. Fork/Clone/Download this repo

    `git clone https://github.com/LevPasha/Instagram-API-python.git`


2. Navigate to the directory

    `cd Instagram-API-python`


3. Install the dependencies

    `pip install -r requirements.txt`


4. Modify test.py with your own username and password


5. Run the test script (**use text editor to edit the script and type in valid Instagram username/password**)

    `python test.py`


### Now InstagramAPI.py can:

1) login;

2) tagFeed (TODO);

3) like;

4) comment;

5) deleteComment;

6) expose;

7) logout;

8) editMedia;

9) removeSelftag;

10) mediaInfo;

11) deleteMedia;

12) getv2Inbox (TODO);

13) getRecentActivity (TODO);

14) megaphoneLog;

15) timelineFeed;

16) autoCompleteUserList;

17) syncFeatures;

18) removeProfilePicture;

19) setPrivateAccount;

20) setPublicAccount;

21) getProfileData;

22) editProfile;

23) getUsernameInfo;

24) getSelfUsernameInfo;

25) getFollowingRecentActivity (TODO);

26) getUserTags (TODO);

27) getSelfUserTags;

28) getMediaLikers (TODO);

29) getGeoMedia (TODO);

30) getSelfGeoMedia;

31) fbUserSearch (TODO);

32) searchUsers (TODO);

33) searchUsername (TODO);

34) syncFromAdressBook;

35) searchTags (TODO);

36) getTimeline (TODO);

37) searchLocation (TODO);

38) getSelfUserFeed;

39) getPopularFeed (TODO);

40) getUserFollowings;

41) getUserFollowers;

42) getSelfUserFollowers;

43) getSelfUsersFollowing;

44) unlike;

45) getMediaComments;

46) setNameAndPhone;

47) getDirectShare;

48) follow;

49) unfollow;

50) block;

51) unblock;

52) userFriendship;

53) getLikedMedia;

54) uploadPhoto;

### TODO:

1) changeProfilePicture;

3) uploadVideo;

4) direct_share;

5) configureVideo;

6) configure;

7) getUserFeed;

8) getHashtagFeed;

9) getLocationFeed;

10) backup;

11) buildBody;

If you want to help - write what you want to do. In other cases, you can do the exact same work with another assistant or me.

Commit message:

fetching total feeds, likes, comments of a user in demo.py

README.md, after:

# Instagram-API-python
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Coverege-65%25-yellow.svg">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-b%200.01-orange.svg">
<a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=7BMM6JGE73322&lc=US&item_name=GitHub%20donation&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted" title="Support project"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20project-paypal-brightgreen.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/LevPasha/Instagram-bot-cs" title="Instagram C# bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23%20InstaBot-v1.0-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/LevPasha/instabot.py" title="python InstaBot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20InstaBot-v1.0.1-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="http://isdb.pw" title="Instagram stories data base"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ISDB.pw-free-purple.svg"></a>

Unofficial Instagram API to give you access to ALL Instagram features (like, follow, upload photo and video, etc)! Written in Python.

This is the Python port of https://github.com/mgp25/Instagram-API which is written in PHP.
It is still a work in progress to copy all of its API endpoints.

The demo.py implemented fetching total feeds, likes, comments of a user by given username.

### Installation Instructions

1. Fork/Clone/Download this repo

    `git clone https://github.com/ddmax/Instagram-API-python.git`


2. Navigate to the directory

    `cd Instagram-API-python`


3. Install the dependencies

    `pip install -r requirements.txt`

4. You may download ffmpeg

    ```shell
    python
    >>> import imageio
    >>> imageio.plugins.ffmpeg.download()
    ```

5. **Modify demo.py with your own username and password**


6. Run the test script

    `python demo.py`


### Now InstagramAPI.py can:

1) login;

2) tagFeed (TODO);

3) like;

4) comment;

5) deleteComment;

6) expose;

7) logout;

8) editMedia;

9) removeSelftag;

10) mediaInfo;

11) deleteMedia;

12) getv2Inbox (TODO);

13) getRecentActivity (TODO);

14) megaphoneLog;

15) timelineFeed;

16) autoCompleteUserList;

17) syncFeatures;

18) removeProfilePicture;

19) setPrivateAccount;

20) setPublicAccount;

21) getProfileData;

22) editProfile;

23) getUsernameInfo;

24) getSelfUsernameInfo;

25) getFollowingRecentActivity (TODO);

26) getUserTags (TODO);

27) getSelfUserTags;

28) getMediaLikers (TODO);

29) getGeoMedia (TODO);

30) getSelfGeoMedia;

31) fbUserSearch (TODO);

32) searchUsers (TODO);

33) searchUsername (TODO);

34) syncFromAdressBook;

35) searchTags (TODO);

36) getTimeline (TODO);

37) searchLocation (TODO);

38) getSelfUserFeed;

39) getPopularFeed (TODO);

40) getUserFollowings;

41) getUserFollowers;

42) getSelfUserFollowers;

43) getSelfUsersFollowing;

44) unlike;

45) getMediaComments;

46) setNameAndPhone;

47) getDirectShare;

48) follow;

49) unfollow;

50) block;

51) unblock;

52) userFriendship;

53) getLikedMedia;

54) uploadPhoto;

### TODO:

1) changeProfilePicture;

3) uploadVideo;

4) direct_share;

5) configureVideo;

6) configure;

7) getUserFeed;

8) getHashtagFeed;

9) getLocationFeed;

10) backup;

11) buildBody;

If you want to help - write what you want to do. In other cases, you can do the exact same work with another assistant or me.
